[Music]
we don't brahma guys are in the inky
zulan kinky wool can Wendigo visible to
the Apple I was supportive when you find
budget minister see there is a redeemer
my name is Oscar jig and I'm Alpina in
parts of East Africa being born with my
condition can be a death sentence people
with albinism are regularly attacked
abducted and murdered
whatever you need she didn't really mean
their body parts are used in potions
sold by witch doctors they just weakened
the nose by hitting him hard and all the
deeds out today specifically what the
tea yeah it is something that is
valuable according to them
in Britain I work as a doctor and lead a
normal life I can't imagine what it's
like to live in such fear I wanted to
find out why this is happening
it told care it was foodie what do you
think it says about the society in
Tanzania that children are forced into
isolation
this'll say that it has to understand
that this is not a good thing this is
the prison and what kind of person would
murder someone like me do you think it's
okay to kill somebody for money why did
you do it
[Music]
although they're pretty wonky these are
the same ones I've had since I was 13
and I've never once broken my glasses
which i think is amazing well that
actually does have kind of combat around
her there's a bit more call these days
not these ones there I was first
diagnosed with albinism when I was six
weeks old my parents aren't Albie no
Brit each carries the same faulty gene
which they passed on to me it means I
can't create a pigment called melanin as
well as giving the skin and hair its
color melanin plays a vital role in the
retina so my eyes don't work normally
rather than just being still if you
focus on something they kind of wobble
I've always considered albinism a
disability and spent most of my life
trying to ignore it I even kept a secret
from my wife ray when we first started
dating right kind of as I've got it
because otherwise I'm gonna have no idea
I've got it definitely had an issue
about having albinism
and I didn't want it to get in the way
of our relationship I think that was the
real truth and I guess for you your
albinism had never got in the way of
anything in your life before so you did
whatever you wanted at school you went
to university to be a doctor you'd
become a doctor at that point I do
remember telling you I remember
definitely tears yeah you cries and
actually then you telling me was a huge
relief because I thought it was
something far worse yeah but I don't
know you had some horrible past or I
don't know you'd be married to some
other or like I don't know didn't they
work out well for now two years in now
ray and I are thinking about having
children I spent a lot of time looking
into my condition for me I've accepted
that I have albinism and I've learned to
live my life with it
and being able to do the things that I
wants to do and then I've heard that
there are people in other parts of the
world particularly East Africa where
that is just not an option for them the
raincoat because we are approaching the
rainy seasons I'm heading to Tanzania
which has among the highest rate of
albinism in the world our binos who live
there have been stigmatized persecuted
and even killed people are being
murdered because of something that's
wrong with them in their genes it just
doesn't seem right to me I want to find
out why people like me are being
targeted and what can be done to help
one of the most marginalised communities
in Africa
[Music]
Tanzania is home to around 16,000 people
with albinism almost half are children
when the violence against them first hit
the headlines ten years ago it prompted
the Tanzanian government to offer help
my journey starts in Arusha in the north
of the country at a school where the
state sponsors kids with albinism I was
the only Alvino at my school but here
there are 16 including 12 year old Dixon
I Dixon how are you so good to meet you
so are you in the same you guys in the
same class it's really white isn't it
why do you think that because my skin is
white too melanin melanin yeah amazing
you guys that you know it all in you
we don't have melanin do we know does
that matter
no so do you think I'm the same as these
guys why do you think I'm different same
to me why are they different because
when you puzzle me son it's the same yes
if I go in the Sun I get really really
burnt the Sun is really bad for my skin
just like these guys exactly the same
you see my eyes yeah well tell me about
my eyes is different
[Music]
having no melanin means that the back of
our eyes can't focus on long distances
so it's difficult to see things like the
blackboard
today I'm going with Dickson and the
other children with albinism at his
school to an eye clinic to see whether
they can get any help
[Music]
let's go over this way
Tanzania has no NHS so these children
must rely on NGOs for their eye care
although the government has provided the
venue Dixon Dixon Dixon could have been
out strong
have your card and printer thank you we
get the key
Thanks
you're right you okay this is hard to
see isn't it my he takes it's
embarrassing what I didn't think so
do you feel it most
and my heart is completely when tired to
go because then I can completely relate
to that feeling the embarrassment
trying's just be normal and then you do
something in before knowing when you
give up
it's you just feel really stupid you
just want the world to swallow up take
you away and he did that but we had a
chat about it just right
[Music]
everyone here will have their eyes
tested but only some will qualify for
the prescription glasses this vision
program will only reach about 1,000 or
12% of our be no children so Dixon is
one of the lucky ones
[Music]
so many I'll be in one place
happiness is about nobody in here is
feeling sorry for themselves they can
completely relate to that I think good
for that but even in the upbeat
atmosphere of this clinic some of the
conversations hint at the darker side of
albinism in Tanzania I would say in
England there are much less people with
albinism than there are in Tanzania yeah
it's believed that the smaller gene pool
in parts of Tanzania is one reason for
the high rates of albinism being an
albino in Britain where lots of people
are fair-skinned means my condition
mostly goes unnoticed
but being so pale in a country where
almost everyone is black means you
really stand out that difference has led
to prejudice against our binos and
fueled superstitious beliefs that have
existed for generations
have you ever heard anything bad about
people without listen talk a comedy they
want Inga how can you be like damn
family a wife they've been excluded
Iroquois or not I'm a video COC squad a
butum a metaphor channel was have you
ever met anybody who says bad things
about people with albinism yeah what I'm
what sort of things would they say wow
what money now whenever the same man I
what's come over late when I was become
white Rambo and my dearly I'm torn SMI
vo in you know in a semi one band we
know when I Medina Missoula in emulator
pizza-delivery jangle motors i watch one
of your same mom when you get to 40
is this something people talk openly
about or do you think people are scared
to say these things even though they
still believe them I wanna you feature
or is that arm delay I know that you a
new diagnostic of costiy do people have
names for people with albinism Arianna
she does Hannah McGee nakum I'll say
goodnight for Dede didn't he try to
children on each area
Asante sana
as outrageous as it seems the belief
that minerals from an albinos body bring
wealth has led people to kill or
mutilate them for their body parts since
2006 local charities have recorded 170
attacks 70 of which were fatal to find
out more about these brutal acts I've
come to Monza city in the north of
Tanzania this region is known as the
lake zone there have been more attacks
against people with albinism here than
anywhere else in Tanzania
[Music]
of course people are hurt in wars and in
accidents but you don't very often meet
people have been actually attacked just
because of a genetic condition
especially not one that you have
yourself children are particularly
vulnerable and I'm on my way to meet
fifteen-year-old Festo who was attacked
at the age of seven hi he passed oh when
you're in your classes do you always sit
at the front yes this is your desk
yes yeah so that you can see the board
yes I used to do exactly the same in my
classes
Madame Mali is festive teacher and
Guardian the mother was in the kitchen
preparing their evening meal it was not
late in the night it was around 7 p.m.
in the evening and while the mother was
preparing supper for the other children
a group of men coming he didn't tell me
the exact number of the attackers but
they were more than four yeah there were
lots of people he just saw people coming
in with machetes and before he can have
a second look at them they had already
cut one over his um the fingers the tip
must be so kind of sharp and aggressive
to use a knife to chop off an arm is not
this is now panga not a knife so the
blunt edge that is not sharpened they
just weaken the nerves by hitting him
hard and all that it's out in fact he
was cut part of them the lower part of
the mouth and do they specifically want
the teeth is that yeah it is something
that is valuable according to them after
the attack Festo spent four months in
hospital what do people think about
people with albinism
Tanzania the thickest limo for the bunch
forget to man they think they'll get
money yes that's crazy
yes why do they think because you've
been good to them just to good coffee so
the witch doctors yes tell the people to
go and attack people with albinism yes
madam Mali has made sure that Festo can
lead as normal a life as possible
surgeons attached one of his toes to his
remaining hand so he could still use it
[Music]
he doesn't Heep is his problem every day
so when he dropped his pencil he knows
how to get it of course he doesn't sit
there that has everything fall apart
around him he has his mechanism oofah
holding the pencils and wife he's brown
that is how it is fair but he's just
battling on regardless
[Music]
is heartbreaking really to see what
what's happened a heartwarming to see
where he's going on how he is now
Wow yeah that is amazing this is clearly
evil at work which is so entrenched in
beliefs that they think it's okay to do
that but when you see him you see the
future just by being how he is already
he's such a powerful advocate for coming
through horror and getting out the other
side and it doesn't matter whether
that's albinism or anything I mean he's
a kid isn't he and he's got basically no
hands no vision really pale skin and he
lives in Africa
thank God he's a very nice school with
very nice teachers and friends around
him congratulations
that is great festive tomorrow LLL drink
another soda and biscuits you let's get
that for me for good work done the other
guys were saying that fest is the best
at school art in the whole school in
drawing yeah the best really thank you
yeah
it's hard to understand how anyone could
cut the limbs of children like Festo but
it seems that witch doctors are behind
the attacks
Paulina Alex runs a charity which
supports our bino families affected by
violence she's taking me on a walk
through town to explain how the trade in
body parts worth
actually in Tanzania there are so many
things which are taking place including
that the wrong belief that if you have a
body part of puzzles with albinism and
you mix with some medicine you will
become rich right and who spreads those
believes actually witchcraft are the
ones who are spreading this wrong belief
so that the witch doctors that witch
doctors so people are buying these
potions yeah and how much would a person
know it is a lot of money like starting
from 20 million Tanzanian shillings and
above how many dollars is that so it's a
lot of money so it's like yeah six or
seven thousand pounds exact for like a
little bit of protein sure the average
wage in Tanzania is only sixty pounds a
month and it's a weird question to us
but that so like a hand or a body part
how much would somebody get for that
according to what I have been hearing
from other people's depends on the the
body parts you have if you have a leg
yeah it means the price is higher
because there's more yeah is more if you
have our hands the price is a little bit
like yeah
crazy man yes sure
and then who buys the patient
businessman sir buying this the miners
are the ones who are buying fishes so
there are so many people and sometimes
they are mentioning some politicians
some politicians right yeah NGO research
suggests that the rate of attacks
against albinos increases just before an
election it's alleged that even some
politicians believe I'll be no potions
will help them gain power but even
though the past decade has seen a sharp
spike in a number of attacks being
reported paulinha believes the violence
may have been going on for much longer
and I remember when I was a child my
grand mom used to tell me that people
with albinism they don't die they
normally disappear really so when I
recall back it means that the killing of
people with albinism started long time
ago how can you say that someone is
disappearing
I saw you mean yeah instead of dying so
they never maybe being even being killed
yeah so it's a very kind of ancient
tradition yeah sure
it's estimated that 60% of Tanzanians
believe in witchcraft the use of
so-called traditional healers has been
part of the culture for generations as a
doctor it's hard to understand how these
beliefs could still play such a powerful
role in society especially when they
lead to murder but a prominent local
healer has agreed to explain more if I
can find him
hitting away right back in the village
[Music]
right kind of in the woods isn't it
guested lots of herbs around
we haven't seen anybody without
finishing anywhere nearby just probably
for the best
it's me
ah ha ha how about ya go hello when I
told scar Oscar
I mean a Toby Chicano and how do you
know all about the different herbs how
do you learn that Amir Khalaf UN's add
our new corner a to opinion Josie he
flung me with a TV yo man I would form
Gondor T passive but how did you learn
how to you did you learn in school or
how do you add you know the science yes
I an see Syria Quinn - surely he miss
ions coming up your simmer Wow so if I
became a traditional healer I could have
saved a lot of time at university opened
a qualm gongura chiba city with
squawkie-talkie moja quani una really
enjoyed the acutally down my neck way to
calm down the wadi baton passes in a
point of monisha salsa no Michigan
bizarre imposed on Joan of Anika's
example and and so what what is this
help and what what does it help with
what's it was it for I could send a
common envious Emma man boy umeko suzuki
domed an amicus
Nnamani I'm cozy muna po you Oh Dominic
amico SI Misha what wanna casually do
you manage I wanna drop America's a
Tamika Mortimer a topical awajum
hospitality boomtube Namibian integrins
awesome time
because we know is the kind of comedy
millennia when I do SSIS your milady
under an hour a gesture quit
Santa so you were a traditional healer
is that different to a witch doctor I
mean me I'm Ganga arathi bacilli Nico
embodies an anima golem very funny
pickle a moody year cassia can include a
futon couch on Ganesha
you shall we yeah cos ya que de mama mia
Guinea comes Cohen Ganga arathi buy a CD
here cassia can he could do what that
was occupation upon another desert in GD
am can go to basilica's Jackie Cooper
son
to find a duty genie operation born one
we assumed big army after the attack
started coming to light the Tanzanian
government decided to regulate
traditional healers in order to practice
legally you now need to be licensed and
mr. Bujji Cano is working with the
police in an attempt to root out the
violent witch doctors before I leave I
wonder whether there's anything he can
do for me he come at our manicotti re
who may come attack upon by Joe but boo
Yong Hwa usually cabbage I see a Kasasa
Nakatomi on matheran good nunchakus
efficie
if we come on amico see it okay
Yasuda when then Jessica's you okay
hakuna matata nama maserati a kabuki
smokin you might want to Hunan Germany
naka naka syriza
at the Communists will exact Oh Japan
did you Santa
[Laughter]
it's for me not something that I would
be paying any money for or bringing a
gift as you guys to feel it
but it is part of their culture and he's
obviously a prominent relatively wealthy
member of that village society so he has
listened to and so you could see how if
somebody like him went off the rails and
decided that they wanted to use people
with albinism in their potions that
probably people in the community would
get with it especially if there was a
big financial reward behind it so they
have a lot of power I would say
[Music]
as well as cracking down on witch
doctors the Tanzanian government has
tried to safeguard children with
albinism by offering those in high-risk
areas
somewhere else to live many have been
placed by their families in secure
residential centers called protectorates
we're following a member of the
Tanzanian albinism society and as you
can see we can't receive any it's just
dirt track lots of dust coming off there
the jeep info
Charles and cool WA had to flee their
home four years ago and put their two
children into one of these centers since
then they've had three more D Google
Forms to slow yeah and these are your
children as well what's your name
Peter nice to meet you Peter yeah number
hug how are you you're adorable and
you're poor oh cool
yeah and who's this Salma Saloth and how
old Salma and my enemy enemy tattoo as
both Charles and his wife are Alby no
any children they have will always have
albinism so two of your children are in
the Protectorate center how safe is it
for you or living living in the village
here tangle me you gear see you're not a
fever a lot a I don't work when you
boo-boo-boo-boo-boo see how camera is a
lot I'm not see Jana cabeza so you had
to leave the village that you lived in
for how many years
Oh tengo news ID where needed I mean
work of happiness ABBA
nikka talk a parallel from building coup
Minami Wow so you lived there for your
whole life until four years ago and
would you ever want to bring your other
two children back home I do come Ohio
mala weekend our tour tour not quo or
not cool I do and it won't be a bother
has mama been to see her other children
in
Yuja recently allowed the who I do not
say we are king Genie machinima
commercial younger I know is Daka up the
halfway around back of Boo Boo's the
creme de la semana para paparangi yeah
if Charles wants to see his children
it's two hours each way on public
transport he can only travel when he can
afford it the tiny weight she earns from
fetching water means the two pound bus
fare is usually out of his reach the
last time Charles saw his children was
four months ago here we are
[Music]
there are nine protectorate centers like
this across Tanzania since 2006 more
than 500 children aged from 3 to 18 have
been hidden away behind high walls and
barbed wire nobody can go inside without
permission from the government and it's
guarded 24 hours a day I show ma how old
do you show that
and who's this show math teacher and how
many of the children with albinism who
live here are able to go home what they
might remain here why is that well
they're being afraid
very minority parents come to visit
children so Charles is unusual in that
respect
yeah he's good that is great yeah so
this is your son Charles so he's been
here since the age of 4 not for three
years since the age of three okay and
how did Charles's children cope when
they see him and then then he goes they
feel so hungry huh
they don't like it everybody want to
stay with the heart-burnings yeah yeah
of course
could you imagine ever leaving your
children like these parents have I can't
leave much you do
[Music]
to understand what life is like for the
children here I need to speak to the
headmaster hello yes my name is Salim
Ali Shabana Catania yeah I'm a spoon
headmaster and the centre as well so
you're in charge of the above engages it
was special for the people for the blend
people so it was always used for blind
people yes before the killings of the
albinism started yeah there was no face
it was just open so that's all been
added in since the attacks happen yeah
the problem we have is that the space is
not enough is the government helping you
to increase that space so is they are
trying to do that do you have it do any
like trips to go out to take the mouse
out of the centre and not more than
sometimes we have the people who are
helping us they take them to several
areas but most of them most of the time
there is to stay here stay here yeah
this is
the dormitory is what do you think are
the psychological problems of living
here for their children you see living
here you from the morning you are here
doing nothing especially for those who
are not are not studying you see they
woke up in the morning they stay here
you see they are not allowed to go
outside you see no places for sports and
games is gonna see so they just they are
there so that's not it's not good what
do you think it says about the society
in Tanzania that children are forced
into isolation I think the society has
to understand that this is not a good
thing that's a 50 but this is not a good
thing to isolate to segregate some
people because of their skin color you
see that's not good yeah do you think
there's any progress towards that yes
for almost a year now we have not
received in a new entrant coming to be
really yes never say you know yeah no
new infant so do you think they'll be a
day where Protectorate camps labor whom
you joke yes close down I think I am
hoping so we used to receive them every
day but now settling yes well that's
really good to hear thank you so much
instead of makes you think about having
albinism
and bringing that forward and having
children and one of the things I've been
really worried about having a child with
albinism and not wanting that
I still feel that I wouldn't choose to
have a child with albinism but when you
meet people like this you can't help but
feel in terms of what I would be able to
offer to a child who had albinism in my
life they could have a fantastic life
and that is so distant so what would
happen if you had a child with albinism
in Tanzania
[Music]
it's awful to see small children
separated from their families and kept
locked behind high walls to stop them
from being murdered
[Music]
I want to know what the police are doing
to catch the killers and punish those
involved in the trade is in charge or
responsible for the crimes that are
happening to people with albinism
let me feel really angry everybody
should have a right to have a just fair
life whether you're black white or
anything in between
after some last minute negotiation the
acting commander of the police service
in wonder has agreed to meet me I'm
hoping he'll be able to give me some
answers very good to me for the time
being I'm acting at the regional police
commander acts like commander is
Caucasian
Cioran you're in charge yes excellent
very good to meet you thank you the
challenge is for you as please commander
in fighting these sorts of crimes these
particular claims are done secretin
completely secondly sometimes we find
the members of the family so you fight
in to investigate a case of which the
members of the victim are involved it
becomes very very difficult but it's the
family members sometimes in Spiritist in
the cases of course you brother
co-locations of our area this region is
huge sometimes to reach every area where
these people relatives are is a problem
and sometimes they're hiding them in the
areas locally so if is difficult for us
to identify those areas we find someone
has been killed we are citizens as a
crime serious crime
I have one case of two two zero zero
Heights
these are being sentenced to death is
waiting his function
and suddenly you still have the death
penalty yeah and that would be for
murder with that the person who's been
sentenced to death at Margot's yeah
season 8 2013 who have never had how
many witch doctors have you prosecuted
for fact I whatever the exact number she
now roughly three because I was here for
last year three wonder has anybody in
the whole Tanzania ever been arrested
for buying the potion itself in one
second yeah but there's somebody at the
top who's able to afford to buy these
potions for thousands of dollars people
that have told me if in most cases in
most cases those they say they won't buy
those ones this is very very difficult
as I say this not is something done in a
very separate way
so it sounds like you had a very big
problem and the attacks have now reduced
so things are getting better but you
still think it's it is still an ongoing
problem some science or people in DC
hello complete but education has helped
as much so we are still working on it to
make sure that to eliminate it
completely
thank you it gave me a little more faith
actually that stuff is being done was
slightly difficult to push him on the
sort of higher parts of society and
obviously there is something higher
which is fueling this trade in Albina
body parts but then he didn't say it
didn't happen he just said he had no
evidence for that
[Music]
the Tanzanian government has taken steps
to try and tackle the violence against
people with albinism and though there's
more to be done there hasn't been a
murder reported for over a year
it's definitely a concerted effort to
try and improve things for people with
albinism they still feel to me like a
very repressed part of society I don't
think you get many people with albinism
saying they feel completely safe in
Tanzania the crackdown in Tanzania seems
to have driven the problem over the
border to Malawi in the past two years
there have been 65 attacks on people
with albinism 47 attempted abductions
and a spate of brutal murders which have
claimed 13 lives
I've come to Malawi to try and speak to
someone involved in this recent wave of
killings
[Music]
my guide here is over stone president of
the Malawi and albino Association hello
very good to meet you yes do you know
why suddenly there was this spate of
attacks there are some kind of thoughts
maybe from our neighboring countries
they have made their laws very strict
for the witch doctors they have not
escaped from Tanzania in malawi doing
the trade so they've been kind of pushed
out about the car yeah yeah that's what
we thought and then the problems we've
now read it says they are migrated to
our country over stone is taking me to a
remote village in a rural region called
ancho two hours outside the capital
[Music]
I've come to meet the family of Fletcher
Mussina and I'll be no man who was
murdered six months ago but first mr.
zebra the local English teacher wants to
show me evidence that Fletcher's murder
was just one in a series of attacks
against our binos in the village which
was opened and it remains have been
removed
gosh and this belongs to a person who
had happen to me yeah this is the social
manner which is a scoop about that's why
they gave him to kill machinery right
this is strange
so strange stealing somebody with a
video gone it's a strange yeah
sitting someone he's already gone he
betrayed the targeting of people with
albinism has shocked the whole community
when I was looking at the open grave
everybody's come out to see what's going
on what what are they saying to you the
other thing that's not too happy with
the killing of persons I've been using
in the area especially they're killing
off free Thomasina is a very big concern
of their chicken boots of is Fletcher
Mussina's brother
I believe in Ambala vicina remain Illya
free Thomasina manipulator you go on up
to the Murano a crime Aban think you are
gandi in fumbling leave one you must
find it very hard to come here Milano
sit overnight in Milan Kundera wayfaring
the monomer I'm at release am agony so
chronically you desire to sit for the
defeat of Milano when demonology Bongo
won't be immediate
sure and what would fracture have been
doing here
the one where you meet you know when he
remember good or bad time Omar al goofy
that loan agreement legally the Berlin
ambush scene and mmm Vanya it's
certainly really really beautiful sports
but it it's a long way from from
anything isn't there we've reports a
long way it's very isolated yeah mellow
and gabbaland eaten by England email-id
of Amida chicken of Allah Una's world
movin on the word and only forever gaze
without Margo of Humana where and how
would people have known he was here it
seems that can unusual place to find
somebody
I'm Billy an idea and our mini at Panda
now I like in Yamada
mas way another basically a bunch of
medicinal garage misdemeanour led us a
tidy rasoi and who was a who discovered
fracture when he was killed here in
Ottumwa with a magazine
people don't brahma guys are in there
going to presume violence in vivo
Campanaro visible to the Apple on even
750 meters you said that there was some
blood hair and you found the body over
there how was the body when you find it
timber no visa
horrible days you are relieved me are a
Georgia man Yahoo Jenny Medina are a
doula reading c'mon Java OMA so private
bath Sierra Georgia so who am i joining
museum or areas versus muscle team
ax-hewn d
my Babu the chief ooh another seminar on
biochip I mean I do not waste a vitamin
to allow but if as many is versi there
is a drink
[Music]
it's really hard to put into words it's
kind of like up
meet the community in the family and who
are basically just living a nightmare
he was just told unites - Montez was
killed in a brutal brutal way because he
had out doesn't
you know if someone tells you don't step
on the lines of them favorite because if
bad luck or if you break your mirror
than at seven years but at those sort of
superstitious beliefs you sort of have
like a little bit of your mind which
maybe thinks or maybe that is true maybe
I shouldn't step on the block cracks in
the paper but you've never believed in
something like that enough to allow it
to let you kill somebody
well obviously I don't have any
superstitious beliefs which are as
strong as the people here
while superstition plays a big part in
these murders there's got to be more to
it than just blind faith
back in Lilongwe the chief advisor to
the president has allowed me entry to
the notorious maole prison I'm going to
meet one of the people being held on
remand for the murder of Fletcher
Messina
[Music]
I'm finally able to go face to face with
someone who can tell me why he murdered
an albino
it doesn't look much like a prison this
is the Administrative Court it
[Music]
we're meeting in the deputy chief of the
prisoners office because they're not
keen for us to see inside socata enter
the cells are in advance
hello my name is Oscar thank you mama
I guess the first question has to be why
did you murder somebody with albinism
later whom even done Queen Amina and I
get our business team under day promise
you anything
another one is all that wasn't gamma
wanna put in even my quad and how many
people were with you I won't save him
and they promised each of you 40 million
kwacha and I didn't go do you mind
telling me about what happened on the
day of the murder anomaly usability a
typical model medium animals did not
demoting organism and then a narcotic
and organism which ended in Manteca
I met with Frech his brother in the
garden where the murder happened and he
explained to me that Freccia had had
different bits of his body cut off did
you see that
not little military services
why what's wrong night window funny net
adamandmandana for a mausoleum de
morangias able to deserve this means of
national division and as many as Oh is
the meaning of a mom is an obesity do
you think it's okay to kill something
for money
why did you turn to clarity cavenaghi
schematic and the avocado
Havana Britannica who barreras whose
integrity mean Oguchi amaavas in de la
ruta Whitsett ali yamin homage alone and
winter do you believe in witchcraft
Trask
forty million question that's a lot of
money how much money as a farmer would
you have made in one year they might
have is under $150,000 pill and they
would my lady I need two hundred
thousand
well did we know first lady come our
entire media being morally monger so
what sort of person would have forty
million question DOM is famous in my
video did you receive any money at all
for what you did
ninety-one Dhamma in a divisive meaning
awkward for example in zip code Auriga
well another students not want is
irrelevant we were together stealing
active public incriminates intimacy with
so minute ago era Duvall come up with a
wacky new : didn't understand my never
seen one myself
c'mon straight now seaman abundance in
who might in the gravel pop and I will
agree with universe ministers
Oh mah boya chobo zebra this could be us
video anna de NOS vamos was video an
Akula in deep agony Dima Dima Dima in a
mood is also key film Anna double bond o
capacity or Cydia in DNS Camuto that is
within an angle in a cheetah
froggy in deemed immoral commodity movin
from Ooty I think Google - at el corazn
is it a vinegar good Sam do you know how
long you likely to be imprisoned for
really really shocking actually
and what happened did it because it's
not just a murder the mutilation there
were hammers sticks you can blame Satan
all you want yeah maybe this kind of
work of the devil isn't it whatever your
religious beliefs are but it's not how
they were possessed and made to do it
that they did it because this what they
could get money and I find that
disgusting
[Music]
money seems to be the driving force
behind this horrific trade in human body
parts
[Music]
I think it shows that life is very cheap
survive your life is much less I guess
that some of that comes from a culture
where people die at home around people
life expectancy is shorter there's less
provision to deal with disease and
public health is just a lower level that
we see
Western Europe and it's really sad that
people are prepared some key elements
have just been what does he come easy go
the attacks on people with albinism have
brought international attention and a
proactive government response now the
albino population is being helped in
other ways
standing voice the UK charity provides
skin clinics like this one across
Tanzania so before I say goodbye to East
Africa I'm finally able to put my
doctors hat on again people with
albinism have no natural protection from
the Sun so skin cancer is rife and only
2 percent currently live beyond the age
of 40 here the dermatologists offer free
consultations and use cryotherapy to
freeze off any suspicious growths
[Music]
it was really lovely to see that family
with their two little daughter who had
albinism her skin was immaculate she's
living in Africa the whole time and
they've been able to access the skin
clinics and have been given a sunscreen
she doesn't looks only like even to the
sunlight for will you exactly all the
Mumper zone twice a day every single day
that is that's a big commitment for any
parents have to do it great shoes yeah
well done keep up the good work after
some of the horror I've witnessed here
places like this give me a tiny glimpse
of the change that might be possible
it's so lovely to see the little ones
because they are so innocent they're not
affected by any stigmatization and if
there is stigmatization they just don't
understand it at that stage so they I
guess represent a massive hope for the
future hopefully by the time those
little children are adults East Africa
would have adapted to enable them to go
hand in hand and be equivalent citizens
to anybody else in the country whether
they have black skin or white skin
and I'm heading back to England with a
different outlook I definitely feel very
proud of the people with albinism in
Africa and I'm not in their camp
very very luckily for me I I feel that
they are very brave and amazing really
how well they survive given the
pressures that are on them and I think
that probably helps me to feel a little
bit proud of that
having alpinist myself I don't have
anything to fear on a daily basis and
that someone doesn't like this film and
I think just the process of talking
about it so much has been helpful to me
so maybe that's a bit selfish but I
think
perhaps by trying to help some of the
people here in Africa I've helped myself
a little bit too just to feel a little
bit more confident to stand up and say
yes and so what
[Music]
you